---
layout: post
title: Version 0.9.1
tag: news
---

We are thrilling to announce a stable release, version **0.9.1**, of Keystone Engine!

- Full source code & precompiled binaries are available in the [download](/download/) section.
- A Github repo for Keystone is ready at [https://github.com/keystone-engine/keystone](https://github.com/keystone-engine/keystone).
- See [documentation](/docs/) for how to compile and install Keystone.
- Learn quick from this [tutorial](http://www.keystone-engine.org/docs/tutorial.html) on how to program with Keystone in C & Python.

This version fixes some important bugs inside the core of Keystone (especially X86 assembler), added some new bindings & made some minor improvements, without breaking compatibility. All users of Keystone are encouraged to upgrade to v0.9.1.

See below for the changelog.

**Core & tool**

- Fix a segfault in kstool (on missing assembly input).
- kstool now allows to specify instruction address.
- Build Mac libraries in universal format by default.
- Add "lib32" option to cross-compile to 32-bit *nix (on 64-bit system).
- Add "lib_only" option to only build libraries (skip kstool).
- New bindings: Haskell & OCaml.

**X86**

- Fix instructions: LJMP, LCALL, CDQE, SHR, SHL, SAR, SAL, LOOP, LOOPE, LOOPNE.
- Better handling a lot of tricky input caught by assert() before.
- Better support for Nasm syntax.

**Arm**

- Fix BLX instruction.

**Python binding**

- Better Python3 support.
- Expose `@stat_count` in `KsError` class when `ks_asm()` returns with error.
  See sample code in `bindings/python/sample_asm_count.py`

**Go binding**

- Fix Go binding for 32-bit

